There are still many areas
here in Madagascar without any publishers.
Jesus’ command to his disciples
to go out and preach
definitely still applies in our territory.
I want to take part in fulfilling prophecy.
Watching the broadcasts has also helped me.
I am so glad I could have
a share in this work.
This time, we had so many publishers
who wanted to take part
that we had to add
more territories to preach in.
We hope that in the future,
each one of these territories
will become a congregation.
The journey was difficult
and painful at times,
but when we got there,
oh, we were so happy.
Being with 80 publishers,
all with different personalities,
really helped me to make changes to myself
because we have to get along together.
Preaching to people of a different culture
was amazing,
and seeing Jehovah’s wonderful creation
made me so happy.
Last year, I made a lot of new friends.
But this year, I got to know
even more people because my new friends
brought along their parents and others.
All the brothers and sisters were so happy,
showing unity and love
even though we all came
from different regions.
Many householders were interested,
and we faced no opposition.
We made many return visits
and started many Bible studies.
This was the best and most enjoyable time
that we have ever had in the ministry.